发信人: samuncle ( 山 姆 大 叔), 信区: JobHunting
标  题: 几道店面题， 大家讨论一下
发信站: BBS 未名空间站 (Fri Feb  7 19:51:05 2014, 美东)

刚面的， coding 四道不难本版有。
这几道不会：
1. mutex 内部怎么实现的? 
2. char* p = malloc(100); p++; free(p) 发生什么？
3. web browser multiple tabs 用mthread 还是 mprocess;
4. 设计一个翻译器， 输入英语， 可按要求输出中文， 印度语等任意语种问数据结构
是什么，我说哈西或Trie， 问如果输入任意语种，可按要求输出任意语种哪？我不知
道了。

--

※ 来源:·WWW 未名空间站 海外: mitbbs.com 中国: mitbbs.cn·[FROM: 24.]



发信人: nklijia (nklijia), 信区: JobHunting
标  题: Re: 几道店面题， 大家讨论一下
发信站: BBS 未名空间站 (Fri Feb  7 22:08:15 2014, 美东)

第三个是多进程的，为了防止一个网页出现错误，crash了其他的网页

MULTIPROCESS ARCHITECTURE—CHROME BROWSER
Many websites contain active content such as JavaScript, Flash, and HTML5 to
provide a rich and dynamic web-browsing experience. Unfortunately, these 
web applications may also contain software bugs, which can result in 
sluggish response times and can even cause the web browser to crash. This 
isn’t a big problem in a web browser that displays content from only one 
website. But most contemporary web browsers provide tabbed browsing, which 
allows a single instance of a web browser application to open several 
websites at the same time, with each site in a separate tab. To switch 
between the different sites , a user need only click on the appropriate tab.
This arrangement is illustrated below:
A problem with this approach is that if a web application in any tab crashes
, the entire process—including all other tabs displaying additional 
websites —crashes as well.
Google’s Chrome web browser was designed to address this issue by using a 
multiprocess architecture. Chrome identifies three different types of 
processes: browser, renderers, and plug-ins.
• The browser process is responsible for managing the user interface 
as well as disk and network I/O. A new browser process is created when 
Chrome is started. Only one browser process is created.
• Renderer processes contain logic for rendering web pages. Thus, they
contain the logic for handling HTML, Javascript, images, and so forth. As a
general rule, a new renderer process is created for each website opened in 
a new tab, and so several renderer processes may be active at the same time.
• A plug-in process is created for each type of plug-in (such as Flash
or QuickTime) in use. Plug-in processes contain the code for the plug-in as
well as additional code that enables the plug-in to communicate with 
associated renderer processes and the browser process.
The advantage of the multiprocess approach is that websites run in isolation
from one another. If one website crashes, only its renderer process is 
affected; all other processes remain unharmed. Furthermore, renderer 
processes run in a sandbox, which means that access to disk and network I/O 
is restricted, minimizing the effects of any security exploits.
【 在 city1000 (city1000) 的大作中提到: 】
: 3.应该是多线程


--

※ 来源:·WWW 未名空间站 海外: mitbbs.com 中国: mitbbs.cn·[FROM: 206.]
